CX_props_subcalendar_text.txt
  CalendarX 0.6.6(stable)  January 03 2006
  (last modified for CalendarX 0.6.5)
by +lupa+ (lupaz on sf.net, lupa at zurven dot com)
Released under the GPL (see LICENSE.txt)

NOTE: These instructions are greatly supplemented by Part V in this 
  Manual, a Use Case describing subcalendar use for a Resource Scheduler.  
  Even if you don't want a resource scheduler, I'd advise you to read it 
  and/or try it out if you want to use CalendarX subcalendars.

NOTE: Plone 2.1.1 has a bug that affects the use of CalendarX Resource
  Scheduler.  Read about it (and the patch) in INSTALL.txt.

Instructions for properties in CX_props_subcalendar.

Subcalendars allow for interesting possibilities for special calendars, 
  especially very busy ones.  A subcalendar is a folder inside (nested) in
  a Main calendar folder.  I have only tried a single level of nesting (one 
  main calendar with multiple subcalendars), and these controls focus on 
  menu behavior reflecting that use case.
The properties in this sheet control the basic behavior of subcalendars.  
  The first two properties are used by the main calendar, and the 
  second two are used by subcalendars.  These properties have been developed 
  with a Resource Scheduling calendar application in mind, but other 
  possibilities are certainly possible.  Your suggestions (and code) for 
  more options are gratefully accepted.
ALSO:  You will need to carefully consider what properties to use in your
  CX_props_calendar property sheets for both the MAIN and SUB calendars.
  Examine the Resource Scheduling calendar example provided in order to see 
  what some of the possibilities are.  
FINALLY:  Read the "Manual for CalendarX" document.  We provide a CASE STUDY 
  of the use of Subcalendars to create a RESOURCE SCHEDULING calendar.  It 
  will help you more fully grok subcalendars and their usefulness.
  
=== List of Attributes ===
title   string   
  Leave this title attribute alone.


useSubCalendarSubjectMenu    boolean  
For MAIN Calendars: Check this property to signal that (1) there are 
  subcalendars below and (2) hence, use the special Subcalendar Menu for 
  the Subject Links that allows you to both (either) filter on the 
  subcalendars as well as click on the Subject (subcalendar name) to drill 
  down and view that subcalendar alone.

	
listOfSubCalendars    lines
  For MAIN Calendars: This is a list (one per line) of the names of the 
  subcalendars.  The menu choices uses this list for display of links to the
  subcalendars.


isSubCalendar    boolean
  For SUB Calendars:   Check this property if this calendar folder is a 
  subcalendar.  This controls the style of menu displayed for subcalendars
  versus non-subcalendars.


nameOfSubCalendar    string
  For SUB Calendars:   The name of this subcalendar.  This is displayed in the 
  Subject Links area.


=== CASE STUDY: A RESOURCE SCHEDULING CALENDAR ===
[moved to "Manual for CalendarX" document as of v0.6.5)



  
  
